Card fields simple integrations steps (#76)
paypal/paypal-sdk-spec: spec/client/javascript/components/card-fields/sample-integration-single-card-fields.md

## Step-by-step single card fields integration with custom button

### Basic integration

#### 1. Add the JS SDK script tag

```HTML
<script src="https://www.paypal.com/sdk/js?client-id=test&components=card-fields&intent=capture"></script>
```

#### 2. Create container elements for the field and the button

```HTML
    <div id="card-field-container"></div>

    <button id="button" type="button">Pay now</button>
```

```js
    const cardContainer = document.getElementById("card-field-container");
    const button = document.getElementById("button");
```

> #### 3. Initialize the cardFields component, pass in createOrder, onApprove, and the styles object, and call render

Reviewer: why isn't "styling" and "createOrder , onApprove" etc two distinct steps

Author: @rsdighe76 for the single card field the styles need to be passed during the parent component instantiation (CardFields).

What we pass in is an object, we could separate the step when we add the styles to the object from when we add the `createOrder` and `onApprove` functions but this doesn't make much sense here.

Usually in JS we add all the properties to an object in a single step, that is why you see here this step passing the styles and the functions.

```js

>     const customStyles = {

Reviewer: what additions do we need to make so that we can deliver an out of box experience similar to what Nidaul has defined.

Author: @rsdighe76 probably we will need a wrapper component similar to the one used on the Drop-in element from Braintree.

As mentioned by @crookedneighbor, this appears to be the next step if we follow Braintree / Stripe approach.

This wrapper component could accept themes to modify the out of the box experience, but as I see it (and @crookedneighbor can correct me if I'm wrong) we first need to polish the component that we have and then we can start working on that.

As it is right now we can add styles via the style object option and also via direct container styling and we can offer some default styles for the single card fields but floating labels and icons are not supported yet.

Reviewer: ic

## Step-by-step single card fields with custom button integration

### Basic integration

#### 1. Add the JS SDK script tag

```HTML
<script src="https://www.paypal.com/sdk/js?client-id=test&components=card-fields&intent=capture"><script>
```

> #### 2. Create container elements for the fields and the button

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 2. Create container elements for cardFields and the button
```

```HTML
    <div id="card-field-container"></div>

    <button id="button" type="button">Pay now</button>
```

```js

>     const cardContainer = container.querySelector("#card-field-container");
>     const button = buttonContainer.querySelector("#button");

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    const cardContainer = document.querySelector("#card-field-container");
    const button = document.querySelector("#button");
```

Reviewer 2: @leogedler, @crookedneighbor previously suggested we use `document.getElementById` instead of `document.querySelector`, which I think is a great idea for here too.

```

> #### 3. Initialize cardFields component passing createOder and onApprove and call render and passing the styles object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 3. Initialize the cardFields component, pass in createOrder, onApprove, and the styles object, and call render
```

```js

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    const customStyles = {
        height: "60px",
        padding: "10px",
        fontSize: "18px",
        fontFamily: '"Open Sans", sans-serif',
        transition: "all 0.5s ease-out",
        "input.invalid": {
            color: "red",
        },
    };

    const cardField = paypal.CardFields({
        style: customStyles,
        createOrder: (data, actions) => {
            

>             // Create the order in your server and return the order id

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            // Create the order on your server and return the order id
```

            return fetch('/api/paypal/order/create/', {
                method: 'post'
            }).then((res) => {
                return res.json();
            }).then((orderData) => {
                return orderData.id;
            });
        },
        onApprove: (data) => {

>             console.log("Payment Approved: ", data, actions);

Reviewer 2: Should this be moved down to `// Handle Successful transaction`?

            const { orderID } = data;

>             // Capture the order in your server with order ID `orderID`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            // Capture the order on your server with `orderID`
```

            return fetch(`/api/paypal/order/${orderID}/capture/`, {
                method: 'post'
            }).then((res) => {
                return res.json();
            }).then((orderData) => {

>                 // Handle Successful transaction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                // Handle successful transaction
```

            }).catch((error) => {
                
                // Handle error

            });

>             

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

        },
        onChange: ({ isValid, errors }) => {
          console.log('onchange: ', isValid, errors);
        },
    }).render(cardContainer);

```

#### 4. Add click listener to custom button

```js

>     button.addEventListener("click", () => {

Reviewer 2: Just to match the style of the multi card fields integration sample:
```suggestion
    button.addEventListener('click', () => {
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>         cardField.submit().then(() => {

Reviewer 2: For some reason, I'm getting the following error when clicking the button:

![Screen Shot 2021-11-30 at 4 33 59 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20399044/144145014-fb658a60-43f4-46be-bb1e-041643eafa8f.png)

Author: @nbierdeman I'll check

Author: @nbierdeman I have pushed a fix for this.

Reviewer 2: Nice! Works for me. Any idea why your original code didn't work though? It seems like it should. 🤔

Author: @nbierdeman yes, it seems that because the parent component could have children, in this case the `NumberField`, `CVVField`, `ExpiryField` it doesn't accept direct/chained rendering.

First we need to instantiated and then render it.

This is not the same for the children that can be direct/chained rendered.

Reviewer 2: Ah, gotcha. Thanks for explaining that!
